why did n't alice 's mother buy a doll for her ?
what did the writer 's father do as santa claus ?
why did the writer 's mother feel surprised when she received the gift ?
what was the unusual feeling in joel 's legs ?
which statement is the best ?
why did nelson mandela like the science of boxing ?
why did mr. mandela have to borrow winnie 's glasses when he spoke ?
what made willie stewart go kayaking in the canyon ?
what message does stewart want to convey through the story ?
if you want to discover artistic talents across the country , where can you go ?
where can meals be served ?
which is the best place for parents to buy school supplies for their kids ?
what is jeff mcclellan 's attitude toward david boone ?
why was red thunder cloud one of the first languages to die out ?
what requirement stated in the advertisement does the writer not address ?
what can the science teacher do ?
why did the writer and his wife decide to go green ?
how can technology help to keep our society and public places safe ?
how long has the times changed its size from a broadsheet to a tabloid ?
why can sunflower oil be used in the skin care ?
who like to buy expensive clothes ?
how did people feel when tom sawyer was alive ?
what is the reason why the robot never loses at the game of rock paper scissors ?
in which section of a newspaper can we most probably read this text ?
when can you visit the new york botanical garden ?
what will you see in the museum on september 29 ?
what is eva mozes kor 's attitude to oskar groning ?
what will david probably do after he learns of nate borges'complaint ?
what 's the aim of david 's letter ?
what do david and nate have in common ?
which kind of parenting style may make fewer lawbreakers ?
what is special about the ariau amazon towers hotel ?
which website should you visit if you want to find out whether there exists a hotel under the sea ?
which hotel is the best choice for a person who wants to live in a cold room ?
what did the old man do to his son and daughter-in-law ?
why did the old man have a tear in his eyes when he ate ?
what caused martha payne to post the photos on the internet ?
what will happen to the iphone in the future ?
what is water like in the desert ?
why did the aap write the text ?
which statement is true according to the text ?
what 's the best thing parents should do when their kids ca n't do on-line ?
what is the fairy tale about ?
if you want to watch a play about malan flower , which telephone number will you call ?
what helped edell to recite all the details in the ceremony ?
what makes edell open to every chance in life ?
what should be included in an advertisement ?
how can parents help their kids succeed according to lisa blackwell ?
who did austin duvall find after he went missing ?
what does the writer doubt about the love between her parents ?
why do the interviewers ask such questions ?
what made steve try to save ronnie ?
how did steve save ronnie from the crash ?
why did jaimee call 911 ?
why was temar boggs with some friends when one officer approached him ?
how can el-e make more functions more efficient ?
what does the title " life is beautiful " mean ?
what happened in the end ?
what does julie say is the most popular club in her community ?
which is the best way to show your interest in america ?
what is the best way to make friends with an american ?
how did billy 's mother begin talking to him ?
when did billy begin to learn computer science ?
if you are interested in music , which places would you rather visit ?
which place will you probably see if you walk along the great ocean road ?
what will make it take you a long way to travel on the great ocean road ?
why does amber smile big when people walk in the front door ?
how many people died in the 1755 earthquake in portugal ?
56 the worst earthquake ever recorded ?
what did thomas tallis school ask children to do in its festival last autumn ?
why do people give their mothers a special family name book ?
how much are the cookies ?
if you want to go to a foreign country for four days , how much should you pay at least ?
if you want to go to a foreign country for four days , how much should you pay at least ?
what is happening in the world ?
how many records has trappe set ?
which one is not included in the discussion on women 's rights ?
what is the time that the students can go to the language center ?
how did bernie start to improve ?
where does the text probably come from ?
where did mr. hanson and everett meet ?
what was mr. hanson 's attitude toward the idea ?
why are the officials encouraging potential donors to donate again ?
why was the class " attended " by over 60 million students across china ?
why is china recording the greatest rise in wages in 2010 ?
which is the tax system in the united states ?
which tax comes in two forms ?
which is not the reason for edinburgh 's waste to be disposed of in a landfill ?
what was the final decision of edinburgh and midlothian councils ?
what does a successful person think is the most important ?
what was nineteen eighty-four about ?
why does the writer mention the english channel tunnel ?
according to the experts , what is the most important for building the taiwan tunnel ?
what kind of people are likely to have a low risk of cancer ?
how many people were there in the meeting ?
what would hu like to talk with bill gates about ?
why did mark decide to end his life ?
what is the suggested solution to the problem of english education ?
where did the writer meet the homeless man ?
why is it harmful to binge drinking ?
according to beacham , what is the key to budgeting ?
what have the researchers found ?
what does kate farinholt think about the idea of erasing a memory ?
when will the passengers start boarding the boat for the sunset pasta cruise ?
how much should a couple with one child pay for the sunset pasta cruise to emerald bay ?
when did teng zijing have the yueyang tower repaired ?
why was the establishment of banff national park ?
how can a merchant get credit card payments according to the text ?
according to the text , what is the major problem with a credit card ?
what does the researcher think about the retirement of some referees ?
what does the phrase " love is patient " mean ?
what made willard and llah get married ?
who believes that digital objects will be worth little ?
how should you introduce your boss to a job candidate ?
how did the writer feel about the education system in indiana ?
why did some theatre groups turn up uninvited in 1947 ?
who first took part in the festival ?
how did efron react to those bullies ?
how did luca and his colleagues feel when they failed to get the invitation to the island ?
who is this text written for ?
who should be responsible for the bad things on the internet ?
what 's the attitude of the writer towards the new system ?
what 's the researchers'finding ?
why do young doctors tell the truth to their patients ?
what should doctors do when they are with patients ?
what does lesley fallowfield mean by saying " the internet world ' ?
what does facial expression recognition enable the robot teachers to do ?
what did the man want the writer to do ?
what kind of person do you think the writer was ?
why are men more likely to have much patience than women ?
why did the boats sail to the diaoyu islands ?
why were some people angry with the reporter ?
where does this text probably come from ?
how did the teacher feel when she saw douglas 's picture ?
for what device is hello-hello world first available ?
what is hello-hello world ?
how does the aboveground insects communicate with each other ?
where did the writer find the missing hearing aid ?
where can we most probably find the text ?
what should you do if a situation causes you to be anxious ?
what is the leading area of study for american students in the usa ?
how long did the research last ?
how many different types of health records were found among the 1 ,150 greeks interviewed ?
what has the writer been talking about recently ?
how many dart buoys are there in the caribbean ?
who is rearranged in the shirt to change its color ?
how do people get breakfast cereal ?
how does the story happen ?
why did education experts advise universities to select students according to independent examinations ?
what may be the reason for the giant waves that killed over 24 ,000 people along the indian ocean island 's coast ?
what does the word " speculation " probably mean ?
why is ivory considered as " white gold " ?
what was the effect of the silk road ?
what does chris bowen mean by saying " we have tried to introduce a sense of belonging in australia " ?
why did daniel put jasper in the washing machine ?
what was angela 's most expensive crime ?
what is the reason for the increasing ridership ?
when did scientists get to surtsey ?
which is the first step morrisons is taking to catch up with its rivals ?
why are products from cloning not widely used for feeding ?
what is " water over the dam " ?
who kind of kids are likely to wear the shoes ?
why does lee keep a pair of his own shoes ?
if you want to enjoy peking opera , which theatre should you choose ?
what 's the advantage of the ela test ?
what is the benefit of girls'education ?
how many baby deaths can be prevented by girls'education in pakistan ?
what does joe summerhays value most ?
what do you think would most probably happen next ?
how long had yahoo become the largest internet company ?
what can you browse through on ebay ?
what has the report found ?
what is soren andreasen 's reaction to the report ?
what did soren andreasen think about the report ?
what does mr. annan stress in the negotiations ?
why will many little bears try to get pregnant ?
who was the first on the scene of the accident ?
what will you do if you hear someone shouting ?
what should you do if you do n't think that you will get help before night ?
what should you do if you get hungry or need water ?
why was ed 's family poor ?
why did the woman keep her cookies ?
which movie does the reviewer think will make people interested in romances ?
why has she been given the title of " market manager " ?
why did elizabeth stinger keefe post the photo on social media ?
what does bart mean by saying " however , chips are our destiny " ?
what will happen to the world in 3000 ?
what would gordon probably do if rosemary spoke to him ?
the writer decided to take a train ticket because.
why did the writer buy a train ticket ?
the writer was young and thought that.
which is not a good way to keep yourself and your pet healthy ?
during the long journey to mars ,
how often do the volunteers shower during the long journey ?
where can you probably read this text ?
which country has not achieved the hunger reduction goals ?
how long did juac stay in a refugee camp ?
why do the students work so hard ?
what problem do the students meet with in their work ?
how many big fires have been caused in the past ten years ?
what can you do before the day 's events ?
what is the schedule for the day ?
what happened after the incident of hoover ?
lang lang began to play the piano at a very young age.
why did lang lang go to beijing ?
why was lang lang unhappy at home ?
who has the highest iq in the world ?
according to the pew internet & american life project , who are most likely to use the internet ?
why do you think it is important to say things like " this happened to me. " ?
what does the writer suggest we do to stop this kind of shrinking ?
how many hours did the snow and ice storm last in southern china ?
why did the russian throw the bottle of vodka out of the window ?
why did n't florence see land when she tried again ?
how did horvath lead his team to carry out the study ?
why are children reading less ?
why is it difficult for researchers to know the reason for kids'reading less ?
what did the good friend of mine complain about ?
why did ann have only breakfast each day ?
why are advertisers always getting criticism ?
which is the correct order of the steps while you are performing jogging ?
how did brittany react to her disability ?
what is brittany blythe trying to persuade her coaches to do ?
a animal is not breathing. when should you close your mouth and breathe ?
what will you probably see when you arrive in iceland during the winter ?
what can people do in iceland according to the text ?
what is the importance of the " super jeep " ?
what does karen pickering keep on top of her diary ?
which of mo yan 's works reflects his youthful experiences ?
why has mo yan won the nobel literature prize ?
what should a person do if he has symptoms that sound like swine flu ?
which is the best way to prevent the heavy drinking culture in britain ?
which is true ?
why did bernard shaw send two tickets for the second night ?
what does lin yuhan put on her blog ?
which is true about yang yuhan ?
what 's inside the box according to the little girl ?
why do so many children in india go to work instead of going to school ?
what did matthew knowles do to show that chinese people are quite talkative ?
why was laura kennan standing over her when she came to hospital ?
what do jamaicans do with the extra salt in their food ?
why do some teenagers feel embarrassed when their parents refuse to be seen with them in public ?
according to william blake , how much did he learn from his father ?
what was the most possible season when the writer was at home ?
why did the uk government decide to leave for the uk after graduation ?
where can we most probably read this text ?
who could vote at the town meeting ?
why is the town meeting still common in new england communities ?
the woman 's last posture was strange because she
the baby was kept in the quilt because he.
what activity will youth exchange 1 take place in a natural park ?
in which country will the youth exchange take place ?
what is the focus on the report this year ?
what made golf in the usa become popular ?
what is special about tigers woods ?
why do we allow past problems and future concerns to control our present moments ?
who would like to visit frigo 's ?
how much did joe 's sandwich cost ?
why is it necessary to paint the area which has been pruned ?
how should people apply if they want to join the 2016 university of cambridge international summer school ?
what is the problem with the 2016 international summer school ?
what happened to the people inside the building at last ?
how did robert s. cassatt feel when his daughter wanted to become an artist ?
what was mary cassatt ?
why do people like the song " gangnam style " ?
why did some of south korean 's politicians show psy 's moves ?
what does the song sing about ?
why were the other people shocked at the end of the year ?
why did teresa come to ireland ?
why did teresa leave her job as a teacher in india ?
how did grace overcome her blindness ?
which two magazines are published by the same publisher ?
where does this text probably come from ?
in what way does luke ravenstahl expect to be treated in the future ?
why will china see a quick growth in electric bike production in the next five years ?
what kind of soft drinks are good for you ?
what kind of soft drink is sometimes called " party drinks " ?
when did the conversation turn to stress ?
why did the professor offer his guests hot chocolate ?
what led the group of graduates to visit the old professor ?
what was the direct reason for the delay when passengers started to arrive at the airport ?
who are most likely to read books in the past year ?
what is the possible reason that some of our abilities are being weakened gradually ?
what do the four hotels have in common ?
where can you find thai-style rooms ?
what makes the roller coasters more attractive to the audience ?
why is it more important to keep the heat out in the south ?
what happened on january 15th 2013 ?
what did tesco do after the food inspectors discovered 30 % horsemeat ?
which is not the reason for the british people 's protest ?
if a couple has two children , how much would health insurance cost every month in the family in the us ?
what is the advantage of the healthy families program ?
how long is the annual arundel festival ?
where should you park your coaches and mini-buses when they come back ?
why are large chain stores easier to compete with ?
how many young people were surveyed ?
what do many parents and children care about ?
how many people were there in helen 's family when she died ?
what 's the idea of the tv programvolunteers ?
how did ms. schatzman get to know the dixie pit ?
why is the newtown creek wastewater treatment plan being used ?
why is newtown creek wastewater treatment plan in brooklyn ?
why is the newtown creek wastewater treatment plan being built ?
what kind of dogs can be trained as hearing dogs ?
how many people did he meet ?
why did tom put the bits of toys back into his pockets ?
what made ben become interested in tom ?
why was the neighbor happy with john ?
what measure will california take to deal with the drought ?
how can we learn knowledge from study ?
what is the biggest challenge in making shrilk eco-friendly ?
what are the researchers doing in the lab ?
what will happen if arabica becomes unsuitable for growing ?
what happened in the restaurant ?
why did jatari walker pay her $ 7 bill ?
in which part of a magazine can we most probably read this text ?
how did baur and summers invent the holiday ?
the visitors can.
who admire the salwen family ?
what kind of sleep should you choose if you want to reduce stress ?
how long should you sleep a day to keep yourself fresh ?
what is the bad effect of sleeping late according to the text ?
why were more than 23 % of the people who were at a healthy weight unhealthy ?
how did the boys react when they saw the book " beavers " ?
where can you see the play on golden pond ?
which telephone number do you have to ring if you want to watch a play between oct 10-11 ?
who should be included in the text ?
how long had the two people been working in the same building ?
how long did it take miss lund to find her older brother ?
what did the friend find out about miss lund 's family ?
what did the chinese scientists find in their research ?
who is wellknown for the publication of her diary ?
among the women who took part in world war ii ?
in ancient thailand , elephants were regarded as beasts of burdens because
how many visitors does the white house receive a day ?
who was the first president to live in the white house ?
who felt most impressed by the project ?
what should you be punished for if you fail to pay the licensing ?
why does the lady probably apply ?
what kind of wedding is different from a civil wedding ?
how do people celebrate buy nothing day ?
how did the students celebrate buy nothing day ?
what is tony little 's opinion of the british education system ?
why did some merchants hang signs with pictures or hung their tools over their doors ?
according to ms. sukhdev , what is the biggest problem in india ?
what happened to rob after he had picked up a piece of wood ?
why do people kill animals ?
what do you think the police 's response to andrew 's story is ?
what 's the possible reason why divorce rises sharply in march and august ?
what reward did nigel receive for his excellence in study ?
why did nigel befriend alicia ?
what should you do if your roommate makes you angry ?
what did daisy jones realize ?
why does jack 's mother say it is dangerous to pass by the park at night ?
why did jack ask the old woman not to pass by the park at night ?
who was jack 's mother ?
how did jack feel when he heard the old woman 's shouting ?
why did the university decide to teach english only ?
why did the writer shout into the phone ?
what was the result of the taxi strike ?
what is the common feature of the healthy diet ?
what makes the writer write the article ?
why did brian wansink write the book slim by design ?
when did oregon country fair begin ?
what do you think happened to charlie when we saw him at his usual stop ?
what will students be asked to tell in the new sat ?
what must people feel when they are reading the law ?
which city was once the largest city in japan ?
why did the six surfers get into trouble with japanese fishermen ?
the presence of social support.
why was the man refused by the microsoft ?
what can we conclude from the story ?
what is special about your apartment today ?
what was truman 's attitude toward japan 's nuclear program ?
how many people were killed by the second bomb on nagasaki ?
how many of the wallets were returned in hone kong ?
who returned the dropped wallets ?
what does rowan pelling suggest procrastinators do ?
what does " he " in group 3 mean ?
where did this story happen ?
how did mira feel when she saw the baby turtles struggling out of their nests ?
how did mira come to know that sea turtles are hatching ?
what did mira decide to do when she saw her house ?
why did chai jing start the documentary ?
what did kirchner say was the cause of the incident ?
what did the zoo do after the incident ?
what did larry do to stop the bus ?
how did larry know he was safe ?
what should you keep a positive attitude ?
why did the tortoise want to release his friend ?
why does peffers say " do n't be afraid to say ,'i'll have tap. " ?
how many countries will have serious water problems by the year 2025 ?
how did jenny go to new york last weekend ?
when did jenny and her friends go to new york ?
why did johnson go to penquay ?
who was in the kitchen ?
how did johnson feel when he saw the man in the photo ?
why did n't the old lady cross the road ?
what made the writer feel special about the old lady ?
why do people think santa claus is " the perfect fantasy " for children ?
why does rico cannon think top athletes should be paid ?
who thinks college athletes should receive some money ?
which hotel is the best choice if someone is afraid of heights ?
what 's the secret of the hotel ?
why is big brothers big sisters founded ?
why did emily fail to be accepted by her schoolmates ?
what did lance do to make ulrika jonsson accept his proposal ?
what was the most unexpected ending for the contestants on mr. right ?
what would the contestants probably write to each other if they want to find love ?
what was manchester once considered as ?
who did the writer think was his neighbor ?
what are visitors expected to do in hippo point ?
the writer suggests that you put yourself " in their shoes " so that
how did the daughter feel when she had lunch at the campbell house ?
what does the father 's advice imply ?
what 's the right attitude of the writer towards climbing mount everest ?
who will send a team to sendai to tokyo to assess the situation there ?
why are fruits and vegetables placed in the first section of a shop ?
what is the benefit of a good first impression ?
who was the first woman to dive free fall in history ?
what did halberda and his colleagues find in their study ?
which tourist attractions are suitable for a child who is interested in dinosaurs ?
what does michael cucek find out from his researches ?
which city is the most suitable for a teacher to work overseas ?
what are the characteristics of edward cullen ?
what was nathan 's plan in the story ?
why is teamwork losing ground in today 's society ?
the advantage of a private high school is that students can
why was judith beaten by her father ?
what was the writer 's attitude toward his life before he left for los angeles ?
what career did the writer try ?
how did the writer feel when he was writing the letter ?
what is the ostrich approach ?
what is cartmill 's opinion about regular check-ups for men ?
why do animals like to live alone ?
how do people usually tell their children to put their stockings before they go to sleep ?
why does a microblog differ from a traditional blog ?
why did erica kenney begin to do the study ?
how did blanchard come to know miss hollis maynell ?
what would probably happen to the girl in the story ?
what was the girl with the rose ?
where would the writer probably work after school ?
what is the difference between fur and leather ?
why did microsoft fall behind in market share this year ?
how many students had applied for uc san diego ?
when is it hard to stop an earthquake from happening ?
what is the subject discussed in the text ?
what is the possible reason for on-line fraud ?
what should you do if you want to avoid fraud ?
why does google want to sell the " explorer " ?
what is the problem with the " explorer " ?
what is the best way to deal with hair loss ?
what is the greatest concern for the growing population of old people ?
where can you enjoy the fashion show ?
why is the butterfly ecological park so popular ?
how did caleb forbes feel about his first job in london ?
what is found out about american seniors ?
at present , chinese new year 's day is on the 15th day of the 12th lunar month in the chinese calendar.
why are the numbers of the uncontacted tribes more than other brazilian peoples ?
what was the matter with the woman who waited on mike ?
what is the advantage of learning english slowly ?
what do members have to do if they want to join bookcrossing.com ?
what happened to shi 's daughter last year ?
which team will lang ping coach for the beijing 2008 olympics ?
why do some birds put cigarette butts in their nests ?
what is the aim of the researchers of the second experiment of the text ?
what conclusion can be drawn from the research findings ?
what 's the reaction of the local authorities to the nuclear crisis ?
what law has been passed in israel ?
why did n't lubeck go into the bedroom ?
how did lubeck get out of the fire ?
which is the latest artificial intelligence program ?
what is the award for the fashion police the fashion police 2010 ?
where can the adder be found ?
what should you do if you are bitten by an adder ?
what made du juan feel upset ?
in what way did the dog 's success rate match the wolves ' ?
why are eco-friendly promotional pens chosen ?
what was the writer worried about before she accepted the job ?
why did n't the teacher give her students positive attention ?
according to myss , what is the best way to deal with the hurts ?
when did webster spell " american " as " u " ?
why did webster change " centre " into " center " ?
when should you apply for a visa ?
how much should you pay for a visa application ?
what happened to linda in the end ?
who probably made the final journey across the continent ?
what are the policies around food photography mentioned in the text ?
what did some restaurants in new york do to ban food photography ?
what did grupo gourmet do to ban food photography ?
what is food photography ?
what was life like for the two brothers before the conflict ?
how long did the rowboat last ?
what happens to babies born too soon in senegal ?
why would workers put the blocks on sleds ?
what are children taught to do in an emergency ?
what should your children do if they are hot ?
what should parents do with lighters or matches ?
why do more people come to the shakespeare association of america ?
which of the plays can be seen in a cinema ?
according to peter gollwitzer 's study , which group of people took part in the test ?
why do people write letters to the editor ?
when did the armed men take away the three staff ?
what happened in kabul on oct.28 ?
how long did the winter ice season near barrow , alaska last in 2011 ?
what is the disadvantage of bears in winter according to hammond ?
why do vermont and massachusetts officials ask people to wait till snow falls ?
what can be concluded from the article ?
why did hamad paint his name on the sand ?
what does tim kovar say about slow travel and tree climbing ?
what kind of father is the polar bear ?
why do more and more private cars drive to beijing ?
what happened to you in the beginning of the article ?
according to robert epstein , what should you do when you find yourself trying to focus on your work ?
what does mr. torres mean by saying " my ability comes first. " ?
what is aggeler 's job ?
how is friendship different from love ?
what will smart retailers do to ease the consumer discomfort ?
what are most shoppers worried about in the worrying u.s. economy ?
what 's the attitude of the taxi drivers in tunis ?
which team did jeremy lin start his career with ?
why is it good to visit dinosaur farm museum ?
what did the servant do on monday ?
why was the young man not angry ?
how many people were killed in the two university shootings ?
what was nancy 's purpose in falling down ?
how are people treated in singapore ?
when should you refuse the offer of coffee ?
in which country is there a common people like to hold business meetings ?
according to the researchers , where is the gold found ?
what can be found about a planet in the goldilocks zone ?
why are the computer models developed ?
why might planets in the goldilocks zone be habitable according to experts ?
what do the four books have in common ?
what message did the counselor want to convey through the story ?
what does " thanksgiving " mean ?
what 's the school 's attitude to the new uniform rules ?
why does pamela druckerman like the french parenting secrets ?
what can people do if they want to join the book nook club ?
what 's the problem for polar bears off alaska ?
how do the polar bears deal with the shrinking ice ?
where did travis strawderman make money ?
what did mr.mccorpuodale enjoy doing on the malians island ?
what are the characteristics of online shopping ?
what does the name of the message " ink " mean ?
what is the first and most important way to read the message ?
if you want to make an invisible ink message , you should
why will the message appear a different color1 than regular grape juice ?
what was the writer 's feeling when he heard his parents'words ?
why is lacobelli able to win the election every year ?
who are most likely to be able to locate sounds ?
what did skaar and oksas do when they were stopped by the fire ?
what can we conc1ude from skaar 's action in the fire ?
who was jenny in the story ?
why did the boss ask one of his employees to believe in life after death ?
why ca n't the northern half of the earth escape for long ?
why were harlow 's monkey work important ?
what influences young people trying to lose weight ?
how did the children get information from the eye-trackers ?
which is true according to the text ?
what did ted want to do to help the environment ?
why did ted decide to travel around north america ?
what made it difficult for deanna to travel ?
what did the couple do during their trip ?
what is included in some cars with a safety system in some states ?
how did the astronauts feel about the accident ?
what should you push with if you have a painful injury of the heel and arch ?
what is brisbane city council 's highest priority ?
what is the most likely response to complaints from the public ?
what is the best solution to the problem of noise ?
which is the best way to improve english ?
what does dr. silva think about technology ?
why do people call picasso " the youngest painter in the world " ?
what did tommy austin and ron cox do for christopher ?
what kind of wish do some children usually have ?
what kind of people are likely to become overweight ?
what do many people think about kodak today ?
what was the major reason for kodak 's downfall ?
why did the u.s. make the kyoto protocol ?
what do the four practices have in common ?
what is the subject discussed in the text ?
how many people are allowed to take part in the speed dating ?
what made thomas decide to give up acting ?
why do some people feel uncomfortable when they get into an elevator ?
what is wal-mart 's goal according to the text ?
what 's the key to lieberman 's success according to flay ?
what was lieberman 's biggest advantage as a cook ?
where is wendy from ?
what color does wendy like ?
what does wendy like ?
which one is right ?
what do wang baoxuan and his classmates do with the waste exercise books ?
what is the money used for ?
how often does john need to get up early ?
what does john do after he gets up on sundays ?
when does john do his weekend homework ?
what do young people do during the monkey buffet festival ?
what did mr. evans do before he became a policeman ?
who have a similar interests ?
what does joe miller like doing ?
why does lily urich like children ?
where will you probably find a part-time job in the summer ?
where do flash mobbers usually meet ?
how old was joe when he finished school ?
where did joe read study in ?
why did the man take joe into the office ?
what kinds of breakfast were given to the people of different ages ?
why didscientists do the test ?
where is lin tao now ?
what does lin tao have to do in his second year in america ?
how is the environment around us getting ?
why are man killing animals ?
why did kyle walk into ernie 's pet world ?
what colour were mike 's team 's shirts and shorts ?
how many goals did mike score in the match ?
why is jane not happy ?
who is mary ?
what club does jack want to join ?
what 's mr. lee 's problem ?
in which country is the prom called a " formal " ?
why do most countries celebrate the prom ?
how does tony try to save money ?
does tom know the music ?
what did tommy austin and ron cox do for him ?
why does the machine move back and forth cleaning the barn floor ?
which is right ?
what do they often do after school ?
why do n't their mothers give them watches ?
how can they know the time ?
what time do they have to go home ?
what 's the writer 's opinion of britain ?
why do some plants eat meat ?
what makes the students at the hangzhou entel foreign language school different from other schools ?
who first thought of the paper cutting art ?
why did the writer go to the shop that evening ?
what did ken think when he rode fast ?
who followed ken on the bike ?
what 's the meaning of the sentence " please , sir , give him another chance. " ?
when did billy get over $ 85 ,000 ?
how does the light from the stars look on the ground ?
what happens when you drop a rock into water ?
why does the twinkling effect cause a lot of problems for astronomers ?
what does john like to do after he does his work ?
what 's wrong with mike ?
what is david doing in the next picture ?
wang is the dog ?
what does tom do one time ?
what does tom do day and night ?
why does the mother leave her son when he is 19 years old ?
what is secret garden ?
what are the pages of secret garden like ?
who like the book secret garden most ?
who made the book secret garden ?
what is special about secret garden ?
why does tony often watch tv ?
where is wang gang now ?
what does wang gang have on weekends ?
how do wang gang go home on weekends ?
who did the boy want to give the doll to ?
how did the boy feel after he knew the money was there ?
why did oil leaking from a ship hurt 40 % of the penguins ?
why did the chinese begin to use ginger many years ago ?
where is the library ?
what day is the best day for shoppers in america ?
what is the disadvantage of shopping in the mall ?
what 's a mall ?
why do japanese eat lots of fish ?
what is the most important food in the west ?
who wants to go to the zoo ?
how old is a person in england to start working ?
how many jobs can a 13-year-old boy do delivering newspapers in england ?
what would happen to the island ?
did richness want to take love with her ?
why was happiness happy when love called her ?
which is the most important to love ?
where are the animals ?
what are the tigers and horses doing ?
why are the monkey and a koala climbing up the apple tree ?
how did kke dollar find the journey to madagascar ?
where did he study lemurs ?
how did the feelings live on the island ?
how many words can be used to describe the whole story ?
what helped the elder realize how much was owed by him ?
what makes people think about simple facts differently ?
what can i do at the museum ?
where can you hear " the zoo " on saturday night ?
what 's " the zoo " ?
who feels sorry for the soldier 's family ?
who brought the boy home ?
why did the soldier want to bring his son home ?
the traveller was able to
which country is the best at enjoying life ?
how old is lucy ?
what color is lucy 's toothbrush ?
who went shopping with lucy ?
where is lucy from ?
why did lucy buy a toothbrush ?
who is sagittarius ?
what is sagittarius'problem ?
how did the children get the ball ?
how did mr. smith feel when the ball flew out of the dog 's mouth ?
is there anything under the sofa ?
which group of children is most at risk of sight loss ?
which country 's people usually eat a light breakfast ?
what are on the table ?
where is the baseball ?
what do the dutch people care about ?
which is true ?
what is roosegaarde 's aim ?
how do babies learn english ?
where should you read if you want to learn english well ?
how can you feel more at home when talking with others ?
what was the old man 's garden ?
what did the old man find one day ?
who gave the big orange to the old man ?
why did the old man take the great orange to the king ?
was the old man happy when he took the big orange to the king ?
when was zeng guofan famous ?
what happened when a player hit kevin with a bat ?
what happened to kevin stephan when a player accidentally hit him with a bat ?
what did kevin do in the afternoon ?
what must the rats be kept in mind while training ?
how long did the training take ?
which kind of music can make people feel rich ?
what made the englishman laugh loudly ?
where was the writer born ?
what should we do to reduce indoor air pollution ?
what did michael do n't go to the picnic ?
who is six years old ?
what do the boys like to do every day ?
what will they do on their 15th birthday ?
when is david 's birthday ?
how many floors were there in the hotel ?
why did the girl agree to sam 's price ?
where did the traveler come from ?
who gave the driver 200 dollars ?
where can high school seniors have a meal with harvard students ?
why do people in mexico give directions in greece ?
why did poor lend the writer money ?
how has luke changed his life ?
why did the writer get up early on the last morning ?
when did they play football in the afternoon ?
what is lifegem in the us special about ?
why will the company make three diamonds using beethoven 's hair ?
how long will it take to make the three diamonds using beethoven 's hair ?
when did the writer 's father die ?
why do people like to search the internet ?
the king asked effendi to tell him the date of effendi 's own death ?
why did n't the boy 's mother agree to donate the ears ?
where is the post office ?
who is bob ?
where is mrs green ?
what was the problem about photography back in 1872 ?
what kind of robot like ecobot ii
what kind of robots are supposed to operate in dangerous places ?
what doritish people like to eat ?
what do they usually eat for one other meal ?
what is butter made from ?
why does mr. white have to wait for a taxi ?
when did hunter adam decide to become a doctor ?
why did n't the doctors at the medical school like hunter adam ?
what kind of hospital did hunter adam work in ?
how does little kids rock help children learn to play music ?
if mr. and mrs. brown want to visit the zoo with their 10-year-old son , how much should they pay ?
who are the sponsors of the red envelopes ?
how does jake feel after he gets on the plane ?
what does the panda look like ?
why does n't lulu 's family laugh at her ?
why did people want mickey to do the wrong things ?
what should parents do when making a friend 's decision ?
which is the most important when you talk about friendship with your teenagers ?
what problem did lin yijian have recently ?
what was the weather like in the black 's new home ?
how did tilse feel when she went to the supermarket to buy breakfast ?
how many people are there in australia ?
what was the most boring lesson of all ?
why did little lewis go after karl after school ?
what kind of food is not mentioned for breakfast in the article ?
how long does a couple usually have dinner ?
how much was the ice cream sundae ?
why did the boy draw a number of coins from his pocket ?
what is the reason that more girls and women take part in coding classes ?
what does tom often do after school ?
do everyone have a good use of a dictionary ?
what will happen when a student comes across lots of new words in his study ?
why is the number in the hundreds place important ?
if you want to read a book about science , how many numbers should you choose ?
how much would john ask for if he made a dining table on the last day of december according to his bill ?
how is john hill in the eyes of the writer ?
when did the story happen ?
why did tim raise his head regularly ?
who did the boy want to take to heaven ?
what happened to the boy in the end ?
which is not the reason for joseph 's second idea ?
how many times did her classmates say " hello " to her ?
why did the national zoo try again to breed mei xiang ?
where did the young man go ?
what did the young man give to the old man and the children ?
where are the students playing basketball ?
what are the teachers doing ?
when did the writer feel that something was changing ?
what does a real robot look like ?
what can robots do ?
what did the police ask detective wolf and the policemen to do ?
what did the police tell them a few hours ago ?
what was miss fox ?
what happened to the police and the policemen ?
how do the girls go to school every day ?
why do the girls get to school late ?
what do the girls tell the teacher ?
can the girls tell the teacher the truth ?
why did many great men in history become successful ?
what can be learned from one of the most famous teachers in england ?
what does " air " mean in the last sentence ?
how old is peter 's grandfather ?
what does sally buy ?
how much is harry potter 's book ?
when is judy 's birthday ?
what is in judy 's bedroom ?
where is judy 's present ?
what is judy 's present ?
why could n't the lambs find their way home ?
how did ken feel when he saw an announcement for a poetry reading ?
what is maria 's future ?
what is " save the children " ?
what does " save the children " stand for ?
how many restaurants is there in chinatown ?
what are almost all the school rules about ?
what is the most important thing in the school ?
what did li xiaotian do last summer ?
what can people do to become a " do-it-yourself " ?
why do they come back at six o'clock in the afternoon ?
who does the other chores at home ?
how does vivian do most of the chores ?
what do london taxi drivers do every summer ?
why are chemicals added to foods in factories ?
who is joe 's new girlfriend ?
who did marley get her christmas presents from ?
what present did marley give her mother finally ?
who has a pencil case ?
why did n't val tell a lie to his mother ?
who is polite ?
what did sharon m. draper receive 5 years ago ?
which is true about sharon m. draper ?
how many square kilometers of land has been polluted in china ?
where is xue from ?
what class are xue and yang yue in ?
how old is men xue ?
what was the factory like in hershey ?
who help them when they find a hotel ?
how does the eiffel tower look from a far place ?
why did rita think dolls were the best birthday gifts for her ?
why does the writer say happiness is not the same as money ?
which game is becoming more popular ?
where can you play the game happy farm ?
why do so many people play the game happy farm ?
why are most parents and teachers worried about these young people and students ?
why did the man start to sing ?
why did the man start to sing ?
why did the man become one of the best-known entertainers in america ?
how many kids surveyed thought robots could help them learn better ?
how many blackboards are there in the classroom ?
where can you buy books in germany ?
where can we see the snow in shanghai ?
how long has the shanghai world expo been on ?
how many countries and organizations are there in shanghai world expo ?
what do many people disagree with ?
what should parents do ?
when did mo visit stockholm to receive the prize ?
why did mo feel upset the first several days after the prize announcement ?
who is frances adamson ?
how many art teachers are there in the club ?
what does it take to set a world record in pumpkin-carving ?
what was clarke 's best time in florida in 2006 ?
why are crows more useful to us than any other birds ?
why are crows more useful to us than any birds ?
what can microblog do ?
if someone is in your way , what should you say politely ?
which is the right way to say " would you like them to stop ? "
how often should you exercise ?
how many hours 'sleep is good for you ?
why ca n't angel have any fun ?
what does angel want to do ?
what made ko become famous and popular ?
how long did the whole press conference last ?
why does n't wang zhuo trust ko ?
what color is sue 's skirt ?
what should you drink when you are really thirsty ?
why is it better to turn off your computer ?
which green changes are mentioned in the text ?
what do all the green changes have in common ?
what is the best way to limit co2 ?
why do children in big groups eat less ?
what are the women talking about ?
what are the problems of old people ?
who has the same problem ?
how long did the trouble last ?
who helped them open the car door ?
what do n't the children like eating ?
what kind of things are good for your eyes ?
what will happen when you shout or whistle three times ?
what should you do if you get lost ?
how many students were there in the lecture hall ?
what did the famous teacher do to the $ 100 bill ?
how many people were hurt by the fire ?
how did labatt help to put out the fire ?
what did you find when everyone shared toys when you were young ?
how old was toby ?
what did allison think when she graduated from harvard ?
how did allison feel when she first started her job ?
why do many birds migrate in autumn ?
according to mr. expert , why ca n't joan tell her friends her feelings ?
where did victory grow up ?
how much money was there in the envelope ?
what did victory do with the money ?
why did the group of people work on the trailer for two weeks ?
which country do children usually do during their holidays ?
what colours can protect our health ?
how old is millie ?
where is amy from ?
who is good at swimming ?
what does amy want to be ?
what does millie look like ?
what does jennifer 's mother do ?
what color is jennifer 's room ?
what does the phrase " love " mean ?
why is the sun a life giving star ?
why did most of the students stay in their seats ?
what is not mentioned as the job of a teacher ?
what will the teacher probably be like ?
how many times has the writer come to beijing ?
what is the final result of the experiment ?
why do some home-left children no longer go with their parents ?
what 's xiao mei 's basic need ?
what made jim feel special ?
when was mo yan born ?
where was barack obama born ?
when will a full moon be called a " blue moon " ?
how often will a full moon be called a blue moon ?
what was dan ?
what did the people stop and ask dan ?
did dan answer the people 's questions happily ?
which is one of the advantages of living in a certain place ?
what can you enjoy if you sit down and listen to the free concert ?
how can the students learn english ?
what language do the students speak ?
what are the teachers good friends ?
how do the students usually communicate ?
how many classes are there in this class ?
where are jim and andy ?
what do jim and andy plan to do ?
